"hi can everyone start saying menstrual products instead of feminine hygiene products thanks. "my cousin work at nestlé and considering my last rt, it makes sense that he didn't care about the dakota access pipeline "this is so beautiful "we don't deserve dogs "white ppl will walk around with their bodies painted green for st patrick's day but give dirty looks to poc for wearing traditional clothing "you've never experienced true heartbreak until your parent leaves you on read "someone pls retrieve my bf and deliver him to me but don't wake him up he need his rest thanks "i have an ig collection called 'admire' that's just filled with pics and vids of pretty girls "i've cried 5 times tonight and now i can't fall asleep l m a o "why is my mom is so Fake when guests come over "uhhhhhh my last rt was too real "me, sipping a smoothie: i'm so cold :( "I can't tell if my professor is simplifying the content or I know more than her "my parents went grocery shopping and left the radio on for my dogs "my soc prof always throws shade at j*rdan p*ters*n i love it "why's my man gotta live an hour away :( "if I decide to have a baby, I know for a fact that my asian family will not react as wild as these white families lmfao "why am i crying in the middle of the night??? cause i decided to watch surprise pregnancy announcement videos "skipping my period with birth control is one of the greatest things that's ever happened to me "26 more hours until I'm sitting in the theatre waiting for black panther to start oh my god "my valentine's day consisted of my man buying me thai takeout, flowers, and chocolate then we took a nap for 2 hours "if you're not prepared to raise a child with mental illness, you shouldn't have a child in the first place "google photos put my man's selfies under the food category, even google thinks he's a snack "what the fuck is going on with white women "my heart hurts so much every time I see a photo of trayvon martin "#BellLetsTalk about how mental illness affects PoC, queer folk, trans folk, poor folk, etc. Mental illness activism needs intersectionality. "its only been 4 hrs since i saw my bf and i miss him so much already :( "tw // body image, eating disorder im thinking about the times ive loved how my body looked and im upset that one of the times was when i was sick and hadnt eaten for 3 days cause i couldnt keep anything down "is it too much to ask for a family that's not racist????? "i wanna know why i was punished with having eyebrows that don't look alike "feeling really insecure right now ! hahahah "correct me if I'm wrong but doesn't call me by your name depict a relationship between a minor and full grown man??? "I'm so tired of school, I just wanna write and publish a poetry book and fiction novel "honestly??? i'm mad that the fifty shades of grey author published a trilogy and got a movie deal and i did not "this is the first year I have a valentine so y'all already know that I'm going all out "asian men are really out here thinking they're doing the most in activism when all they've done is tweet "asian men are sexy too!!!!!!" "not to mention how it's even worse for south or southeast asian women "the amount of times I've seen asian women call asian men out for misogyny, antiblackness, etc and they respond with violent harassment is disgusting "it's wild how much asian men hate asian women "i've been having an existential crisis all day and it makes me wanna d i e "psa: i need attention ""At its core, Babe’s piece about Grace is important, but the inexperience evident in the execution of the piece did a disservice to the topic." "Planned Parenthood now offering transgender hormone therapy to those under 18 "Remember, they only loved MLK after they killed him. "I'll add: not only are weight and health not directly correlated, but if you think someone being unhealthy means you can be a dick to them, what does that say about your attitude towards people with disabilities including those with  chronic illnesses? "some people have mental illnesses veronica "was having a convo about this last night. woc rarely, if at all, spoke last night solo besides Oprah; they were used as accessories. White women took the mic. "can we replace “sexuality is fluid” with “sexuality CAN BE fluid” thanks for coming to my ted talk "no one's forcing y'all to date trans women but saying you wouldn't date ANY trans woman solely because they're trans is just transmisogyny it's not that deep "ok but are there real life asian parents that help their children with their mental illness???? "just overheard a white guy in my class complaining about how people always make things about gender the class is literally called sociology of gender "Listen: I know how much so many people want a kind, eloquent and intelligent president, but stop asking Black women to be the response to all your woes when you require comfort or inspiration. Oprah is not your mammy. "Black Mirror's Black Museum episode should've been entitled Black History Museum. I write about why in my latest for @WearYourVoice: ""woke" circles can be very elitist, but some of y'all act like recognizing marginalized people as human beings requires advanced college degrees because you, specifically, needed a professor to guilt you into not being a piece of shit "This year was so healing. I had less episodes and was less suicidal than ever before. I know I'm not even close to being okay but that's okay. I'm proud of myself for finally taking care of myself and my mental health. And for surviving another year. "respect trans people "ya girl is finally on birth control "yeah stealing from black women usually gets you that far