Robinhood Crypto: Zero-fee cryptocurrency trading from Robinhood 💸
Buy Me A Coffee: A free, fast and beautiful way to accept donations ☕ 💰
Launchaco 2.0 🦄: Simple landing pages for your startup
Nintendo Labo: DIY creations for the Nintendo Switch
Indie Hackers Community: Work together to build profitable businesses & side projects
Memory AI: Fully automatic time tracking powered by deep learning
TransferWise Debit Card: A bright green card to save you money when you pay abroad 💳💱
Loom 2.0: One-click screen recorder. Now w/ trimming & emoji reactions
Skillroads: AI career service to help you land a dream job 🤖
Courseroot: Biggest online course database on the web
Transferslot 2.0: Easily buy and sell side-projects
Typeform v2 (beta): Build beautiful conversational forms, surveys and more
Die With Me: Chat with strangers when you have less than 5% battery
Flat UI Colors 2: 280 handpicked colors ready for copy & paste
Parabola 2.0: Automate manual processes without spreadsheets or code
Timeline for Sketch: Create beautiful timeline animations in Sketch
Novorésumé: Update your résumé for 2018
StartupMate: Curated list of 750+ resources for startups
Hey Meta: Quickly check, improve and generate your website's meta tags
Switchboard: Turn your phone into a handsfree intercom
Docusaurus: Easy to maintain open source documentation websites
Simple Mockups: Minimalistic devices mockup pack for Sketch & Photoshop
Golden Kitty Awards 2017: A celebration of products, makers & PH community members 🏆😻
Left: A minimalist multi-platform text editor
Listly Chrome Extension: Convert webpages into Excel data in seconds
Aidem Network: Launch your product on hundreds of websites with one click 🚀
Polymail Web: All-in-one email platform for sales communication
Instagram.css: Complete set of Instagram filters in pure CSS
Airdrop by Earn.com: Get 100,000+ early adopters for your token project
Google Arts & Culture: Take a selfie and see which historical artwork you resemble
Taskr: A simple task manager app for macOS
Intercom on Marketing: The marketing book for startups
Mockuptime: Realistic mockups available for free
Moonshot: A notebook that helps you plan and execute your ideas
Purgecss: Easily remove unused CSS
PixaTool: Convert any image or video into pixel art 👾
Sketch Icons: Generate a dynamic icon library in less than 5 minutes
Startup Demo Videos 💡: Demo videos from the early days of successful startups
Stripe Atlas Taxes: Help file your business taxes
Agenda: Notes, your time has come
Design+Code 2 iOS: Swift 4 designers. Learn to make an iOS app, from the app
CryptoList: Curated directory of 210+ cryptocurrency resources 💎
Snappykit 1.0: Create a stunning website for your mobile app
Prototypr.io: Daily design news, inspiration and deals
Dotgrid: A simple vector illustration tool.
Studddent: 🏫 Curated list of online discounts for students
lemlist: The first outreach email platform with personalized images
Gradient Cards: A simple and beautiful list of editable gradients
Astro 3.0: Intelligent inbox and calendar for iOS, Android, Mac & Slack
Quokka: Show retargeting ads to those who ignored your email
Witeboard: A real-time whiteboard for your team. No signups required.
Product Hunt 4.0 for Mobile: Discover your next favorite thing, now on iOS and Android 📱
PixelSnap: Measure every pixel on your screen with ease ✨
Resume.io: Build your job-winning resume in minutes
Sip by Product Hunt: Daily tappable tech news and stories.
Logo: Clean, simple, hassle-free logo design
Beautiful.AI: AI-powered presentations
Laws of UX: Key maxims that designers must consider when building UX
StopAd PRO: The ultimate ad blocker for Windows and Mac.
Intel Vaunt: Smart Glasses that look normal
Hangouts Chat by Google: Intelligent team communication
Taskade for Chrome: Turn your new tab into a checklist, note, or outline ⚡️✏️✅
Cards by JotForm: The friendly way to ask
The Startup Playbook: How-to guide for building your startup from the ground up
Coinbase Commerce: Accept BTC, ETH & other digital currencies in your business
Ceev: Transform your LinkedIn into a spectacular resume
FlightList: Find cheap, one-way flights within a departure date range ✈️
Gifski: Convert videos to high-quality GIFs
Ubersuggest Keyword Planner: Free keyword overview and suggestion tool
Landbot v2: The conversational website builder 🖥⚡️💬
Anchor 3.0: The easiest way to make a podcast. Ever.
Intercom for Slack: Chat, qualify and close leads directly from Slack
Duotone: Convert any photo to a duotone in seconds
Atina: Simple project management tool
Airbnb Concerts: Intimate shows in unique places
Solving Product Design Exercises: Prepare for your next UX/product design job interview
Topic Research by SEMrush: Content ideas that resonate with your audience
Drag Pro: Transform Gmail into organized To Do lists (like Trello)
The Best Product Launches of 2017: 400+ of the most-upvoted products in the past year
Auditor for Instagram: Analyze any Instagram account for fake followers and likes
Mapwize: A user-friendly indoor mapping platform
Refined Twitter: A browser extension that improves the Twitter experience
Captain Growth for Facebook Ads: AI that finds bottlenecks and growth points in FB marketing
Telegram Login Widget: Official Telegram authentication for websites 🚀
GitHub + Slack Integration: Full visibility into your GitHub projects right inside Slack
Apply To Date: Your own Bachelor(ette) page where people apply to date you
Adele: Open repository of design systems & pattern libraries 👨‍🎨 🎨
Veeer: A lightweight window manager for your OSX.
Sketch Isometric Plugin: Generate isometric views from artboards and rectangles
Letterfuel: Grow your audience with a curated newsletter
Ghostery 8: Blocks ads, stops trackers, and speeds up websites
Alto's Odyssey: Discover the endless desert. A beautiful game for mobile.
One Month Skill: Learn a new skill every month with daily emails
Codela 2.0: Get prepared for Tech Interviews
Reshot: Tons of uniquely free stock photos. Handpicked & non-stocky
Uber Bike: On-demand electric bikes for commuting and exploring
Crushing It!: Gary Vaynerchuk shows you how to build influence 👊
Airbnb Plus: All the comforts of home, plus more.
Bestfolios 2.0: Portfolio website and resume collection from best designers
DNSPerf: Free DNS performance analytics
Overflow: The world’s first user flow diagramming tool for designers
Notion 2.0: The all-in-one workspace - notes, tasks, wikis, & databases
MAKE Book: Learn to bootstrap profitable startups the 👨‍🎤indie way
Sunsama: If Google Calendar & Trello had a baby.
Airtable Blocks: Modular apps that enable anyone to build complex software
Supernova Studio: Convert Sketch into iOS, Android and React apps in minutes
Flow: Beautiful project management for teams
Prettier: An opinionated code formatter
Pages: The best web pages around
Work in Progress: A community of makers shipping together 🚧
Sheet 2 Site: Generate a website from Google Sheets
Slack Video Messaging by Standuply: Easily record and send video messages in Slack 📹
Folk: The next generation contact manager
Light Phone 2: Beautiful phone designed to be used as little as possible
The Copywriting Bible: 100 viral outlines for your copy 🚀
Caramella: A clean, modern blogging platform without the fuss
Google Mario Maps: Navigate your world with Mario Kart 🗺️🚗
Driver.js: A lightweight engine to drive user's focus across the page
Instagram Stories Widget - by Fastory: Bring Instagram Stories to your website for free 🔥
Auto Publish for Instagram by Later: Schedule Instagram posts - no notifications required!
Morning Brew: The hottest news from Wall St. to Silicon Valley, daily ✉️
Tonkean: AI powered dashboard with automatic insights from your team
Outline by Alphabet: Control and build your own VPN 🛠️
Repl.it: Code and deploy apps in any language right from your browser
The F*cking Weather: A weather app for people who hate weather apps.
CSS Gradient: A simple, colorful gradient generator
Lunacy Editor 3.0: Free Windows app that opens, edits, and stores .sketch files
Brandmark V2: The deep learning logo maker
Fortnite for iOS: Online, multiplayer Hunger Games is here for iOS 🎮
DomainWheel: Smart startup name generator
macOS UI Library: A comprehensive macOS UI Library, brought to you by Sketch
Bootstrap 4 & Material Design Templates: The biggest open source collection of stunning themes
The Design Genome Project by InVision: Explore the DNA of the world’s best product design teams
UI Faces: Avatars for design mockups
Webjets.io: The creative desktop for all things that matter
WebGazer: Free website monitoring service
Nugget 3.0: Find your perfect startup idea
EasyEmail: Gmail plug-in that helps you write emails quickly
Cronhub: Painless cron monitoring in a simple dashboard
AR Kitty: Raising your own kitty on your smartphone
Airship: Launch new features the way Facebook and Airbnb do
Paste for iOS: Cloud clipboard time machine for Mac and iOS
Remote Internships: Gain experience with some of the top companies in the world.
Planny: The intelligent to-do app, reimagined
Passmarked: Simple, all-in-one test to check the quality of your website
M.io Universal Messaging: Chat with anyone across Slack teams, Cisco Spark and Stride
Quuu: Hand-curated content now with scheduling and recycling
Eco: A global currency protocol, from the co-founder of Uber
TypingDNA Authenticator: 2FA codes in your browser, secured by the way you type
Freenio 2.0: An awesome collection of 400+ free resources for Startups 📊🚀
Unsplash 5.0: Free (do whatever you want) high-resolution photos.
Opera Neon: A concept of tomorrow’s web browser you can play with today.
Founderkit: Unbiased reviews of startup tools from experienced founders
Bizplan: Modern business planning for startups
Magnet 2.0: Window manager for Mac
Nuage Email: Create a custom address linked to your Gmail
Chummy: The simplest way to ask for help and pay it forward ❤️
Fullstory Free: Web analytics with full session playback, now free
Product Disrupt: A design student's list of resources to learn Product Design
Uber Movement: Access to anonymized data from over 2 billion Uber trips
Setapp: Get dozens of curated Mac apps in a single subscription
Collapsed: Learn lessons from failed startups
Thread Messaging on Slack: Keep conversations organized and easy to follow with Threads
Keywords Everywhere: Free browser add-on for keyword volume, CPC & competition
WebSlides: The easiest way to make HTML presentations and long-forms.
Memory by Timely: An intelligent timeline of everything you did in a day.
Ecoisme 2.0: A smart energy monitor for your home appliances
Sky torrents: Privacy-focused, ad-free, non-tracking torrent search engine
Google Voice: Ringing in 2017 📞
Social Media Academy by Buffer: Up your social media marketing game, one article at a time.
Siftery Trending Products: A real-time feed of the hottest business software
Snappr Photo Analyzer: AI that tells you if your profile pic is actually any good
Amazon Prime Rewards Card: Get 5% cashback on all Amazon purchases 💳
Hemingway Editor 3.0: Make your writing bold and clear, send to Medium/Wordpress
Time: An AI-powered time-tracking app
Eightydays.me BETA: A site that plans your multi-city travel in a few clicks
Track Trump: Track Trump's first 100 Days
6 Minute intro to AI: A good looking introduction to everything AI 🤖
dev.to: Where programmers share ideas and help each other grow
Evernote 8.0: The popular note-taking app, re-designed for iOS
500 Products: A list of the Top 500 Products on Product Hunt
IS|CC: Thinnest, most ergonomic & seamless webcam privacy cover
Notebook for Mac: The beautifully simple note-taking app from Zoho. Now on Mac
AI/ML Reads: Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning resource directory
LinkedIn Desktop Redesign: A complete redesign of LinkedIn on the web with chat
Pitchbot: Chat with Pitchbot to perfect your VC pitch in 10 minutes.
Lego Boost: Build + Code + Play
Aura: 3-Minute meditations, personalized by AI 😃
Worth of Web: Calculate the financial value of any website
Clarity Money: Lower bills, cancel accounts, create a savings account
ClaimCompass: Get paid for delayed or cancelled flights
Stripe Dashboard: Activate the preview of the refreshed Dashboard now
Connect by BeWarned: A simple helper for the deaf to be understood
E-Commerce Stack: E-commerce tools used by the top 10,000 stores
Cool Cousin: Shaking up the travel world with good old human connection
Fabby: A photo/video app that lets you put yourself anywhere!
TinyFaces: Free crowd-sourced avatar gallery including Sketch plugin
Venture Reads: The best resources created by VCs, Firms, and Angels
DESTIGOGO | Travel tool: Discover the best travel destinations based on your budget!
CoFoundersLab Discuss: Where 300,000+ entrepreneurs get their questions answered
Lottie by Airbnb: Easily add high-quality animation to any native app
TensorFlow 1.0: Open-source machine learning library by Google
Web Gradients: Curated collection of 180 free fresh background gradients 🚀
Culture Codes: Company culture decks aggregated all in one place
Milanote: The notes app for creative work
21.co: Replace your public email with an inbox that pays you.
Amazon Chime: Frustration-free video calls. Amazon's Skype competitor.
Steps: Beat social anxiety with small challenges
Pinterest Lens: Shazam for objects in the real world 📌🔎
Elucify: Free and crowdsourced database of business emails
extensions.af: A site to find the dopest Chrome extensions out there
Wildfire: Record your browser actions for automated workflows 🔥
Ping: Digital business card
Prospero: Proposals For Creatives
dataviz.tools: Curated collection of the 400 best data visualization tools
Perspective: Technology to fight abuse online, new from Alphabet
Templates for Gmail: Create & customize Gmail templates that live in your inbox 💌
Floyd: Heroku for deep learning
Cassette for iOS: The best way for designers to record & share user interviews
High Resolution: A video series on design with 25 masters of the industry!
Jobs on Facebook: You can now apply for a job directly on Facebook
Dash 4: Instant offline access to 150+ API documentation sets
pix2pix: Turn your terrible doodles into cats and other things ✏️😸
Overcast 3.0: A powerful yet simple podcast player
Flipboard 4.0: Personalize deeper with smart magazines
YC Careers: Browse the career pages of Y Combinator companies
Nokia 3310: A modern classic reimagined
The Standard Freelance Contract: The first common standard service agreement
Mailjoy: Mailchimp for physical mail
Equity Calculator: Figure out what your equity is worth
Scoop: Watch soon-to-release movies and provide feedback.
The Startup Way: Eric Ries' new book on building a lean startup
Notepin: Extremely simple note-taking
Hivy 2.0: Making your office a better place
Tiny Marketing Wins 2.0: Get a (small) marketing tactic every week
reMarkable: The paper tablet for people who prefer paper.
Product Runt: A dynamic list of the bottom 100 projects on Product Hunt
Tars: Make Chatbots to replace your regular old webforms
UXFlow: Free customizable flowchart kit for Sketch
Ping: The world’s smallest global GPS locator
AppLaunchpad 2.0: Create App Store images with new templates, devices + iPad📱🎉
Caption: Find the right subtitles. Easy.
Café Wifi Search 🔍: Find great cafés to work from, worldwide.
MetaList - Research before you build: Search, market research and track startups in your industry
Happy Couple: Discover more about your partner via a daily quiz
Radar: The location platform for mobile apps
Jack: Bluetooth adapter that makes any headphones wireless
Craft Freehand, from InVision: A fast, flexible new way to collaborate, in real time
Skurt 2.0: Cars by the day, delivered on-demand. Now on iOS & Android.
VR Desktop for Mac: Experience macOS in virtual reality
Startup School: How to start a startup, by Y Combinator
Neuralink: Elon Musk's newest company, merging our brain with AI
Emblem: Build your own beautiful brand
Google Open Source: All of Googles open source projects under a single umbrella
YouTube TV: YouTube takes on the cable TV providers
Visual Biographies: Timelines of amazing lives for visual learners
Kite Compositor: A UI animation and prototyping application for Mac & iOS
Animista: Create beautiful CSS animations in your browser
Tetra: Automatic note taker for phone calls
Hardbound 3.0: Illustrated summaries of bestselling nonfiction books
Clips by Apple: A new iOS app for making and sharing fun social videos 📸
Noun Project for Mac 2.0: Search nearly a million icons. Now in color!
Astro: AI meets email for Mac, iOS and Android
Remotive Jobs 2.0: A curated selection of remote startup jobs
adJelly Size Guide 2.0 ⚡: The ultimate social & digital ad size guide!
Glitch: The community where you'll build the app of your dreams
Breaker: The social podcast app 🎧
Everypixel: AI to find images that suit to your project.
Kite 2.0: The smart copilot for programmers. Now available for Python
Typeform Chat: Convert your typeforms into Facebook Messenger conversations
Google Invisible reCAPTCHA: Protects your website from spam and abuse
Magic Spreadsheet: Human workforce and AI plugged into your Google Spreadsheets
LeadGibbon: Find anyone’s email address in just one click.
Canny: The easiest way to collect & manage feedback
Medium Series: A new type of story on Medium
Statsbot Goals: Helps you to hit your next business milestone
Remote: Connecting 2 million+ professionals to remote jobs using AI.
Salesflare CRM: Intelligent sales CRM for startups who thrive on technology
Hangouts Chat by Google (Early Access): Bring your team together
Mixmax Calendar: The fastest way to schedule meetings with anyone, anywhere
Zest.is: Share and discover stellar marketing content
Shippn: Shop from 10 countries that don't ship to your country.
Case Study Club 2.0: Learn how people design digital products
Workflow by Loom: Record & share quick videos. Now with powerful integrations.
Tiny Cards by Duolingo - Web: Learn languages with this flash card app, now on the web
Crisp 2.0: All-in-one solution to communicate with your customers
Grade My Ads: Score your Facebook ads + improve them, in seconds.
Anchor 2.0: Make audio Stories, with voice, music, clips, and call-ins
SendBird 3.0: Fully customizable chat and messaging for your app 🐦
Sure: Bot that curates the most Instagrammed food & drink spots 👌
Sip for Mac: The best way to  collect, organize & share your colors
LeadBot by Drift: Qualify leads on your website without forms or humans
Medium Membership: $5/month for an ad-free experience with premium content
Nimuno Loops: LEGO everywhere!
Rippling: Throw away your new hire on-boarding checklist ✅
Progress: See your body change over time
60 Seconds Everyday: The fastest way of daily journaling
Dexter 2.0: All the tools you need to build a successful bot
Sortd for Slack: Get Trello-style project boards right in your Slack!
Amazon Connect: A self-service, cloud-based call center 📞
AutoDraw: Autocorrect for drawing, by Google
The Boring Company: Elon Musk's new company, creating tunnels for traffic 
Stripe Atlas: The best way to start an internet business
SpreadShare: Explore community-curated spreadsheets.
Lyrebird: Copy the voice of anyone, using a voice imitation algorithm
Root: Programmable bank account for software developers
Ask Product Hunt: A community-powered product search engine
Airbnb React Sketch.app: Render React components to Sketch for design systems
Google Earth: The new Google Earth 🌎
GIPHY Says: Giphy's new camera app turns your words into GIFs! 😮
Microsoft To-Do: An intelligent task management app
Hacking Growth: The definitive playbook for growing your business
Intercom on Starting Up: A book about growing a startup
FriendlyData: Communicate with databases like a human
Increment by Stripe: A magazine about how teams build software systems at scale.
Framer: A new design tool. Completely redesigned.
Alcamy: Free, open self-learning platform. Learn & teach anything.
Gmail Unsubscriber: Open source alternative to Unroll.me for Gmail
Burst: Free stock photos for everyone.
Pexels Videos 2.0: Completely free, high quality stock videos.
Paste by FiftyThree: Show your work. Paste is a new presentation tool for Slack.
Appcues 2.0: Better user onboarding. Code free.
Duo: Personal AI computer for your home. Like JARVIS. 🗣.
Wikitribune: Evidence based journalism, from the founder of Wikipedia
Outflow 3.0: An app to keep track of all your subscriptions
Google Design Sprint Kit: Your resource for planning and running a Design Sprint
VoiceOps: the #1 AI platform for analyzing enterprise voice
Huntr: A Kanban board for your job applications
Facebook Spaces: Facebook's social Virtual Reality platform is here!
Messenger Platform 2.0: Discovery, chat extensions, and richer experiences
Freelance TV: Collection of stories and interviews on freelancing
Gravity: The weighted blanket for sleep, stress and anxiety
Shoutem v5: Create React Native, cross-platform mobile apps easily
Fact Check by Google: Google fights fake news in search with 'fact check'
Google Hire: Now Google gets into hiring
New Spotify Web Player: Spotify new UI for web player (no more Adobe Flash)
Boilrplate: Curated list of boilerplates to help you start your projects
Fangage.me: Helping fans and brands engage with custom made fan portals.
Lilium: The world’s first electric vertical take-⁠off / landing jet
Tweeple Search: Find your target audience & powerful influencers on Twitter
Sketch Confetti: Generate gorgeous confetti patterns in 1 click.
Packaging Tape by Sticker Mule: Brand your shipments like top-notch retailers
Morning Recovery: Say goodbye to hangovers
CSS Peeper: Smart CSS viewer tailored for Designers.
Amazing Hunt: The coolest products, you can actually buy
Scrum: A platform for creators to share the things they're building
MUJI Hut: A very special little place, all your own.
How to move to New York - The Guide: A step by step ebook for those wanting to move to New York
Suggestions from M: Facebook Messenger AI assistant now open to everyone in US
DropUnited: Chrome extension removes United from your flight search
Ludus: A limitless presentation tool for designers.
Startup Graveyard: History shouldn't have to repeat itself
Not Hotdog: An app that shows if your food is a hotdog 🌭
Framer Design: Design, code and collaborate. Now all-in-one.
Jamboard: It's like a whiteboard, but waaay better. From Google.
Learn Anything: Search Interactive Maps to Learn Anything
The Unsplash API: No-limits, do-what-you-want API for access to 200K+ HD pics.
Craft Prototype, from InVision: Design, prototype, and collaborate seamlessly
Telegram 4.0: The best messenger for every platform
Screen Sharing in Slack: A simple way to share your ideas and your screen
Good Sales Emails: Best sales emails from great companies
Essential: New phone and 360 camera by Andy Rubin
Automate That Shit: Web applications to reduce human-time spent on shallow work.
gofccyourself.com: Urge the FCC to keep strong Title II  Net Neutrality rules
Data GIF Maker by Google: Google's new tool turns boring data into GIFs!
Things 3.0: Complete revamp of the original, award-winning task manager
YourOwnMaps: Beautiful, minimalistic custom map posters
Stripe Connect: The payments platform for platforms
Launchpad for Sketch: Publish responsive HTML websites directly from Sketch
App Store Optimization (ASO) Checklist: ASO tools for increasing app installs & organic traffic 📈
Fastory: Craft stunning Instagram stories, share them everywhere 🚀
New Google Assistant: From Google Home to your phone, including Google Lens
Opera Reborn: New version of Opera, codenamed Reborn, now with messaging
21 Lists: Send and receive targeted, paid microtasks
ConversionChecklist.org: A 41 point checklist to make your website convert better
Interface Lovers: Interviews with our favorite designers.
Angel Funds by AngelList: The easiest way for angels to start a venture fund
ShapeScale: A scale that digitizes your body in photorealistic 3D! 💪
Google.ai: Bringing the benefits of AI to everyone
GitHub Marketplace: Tools to build on and improve your workflow
Quora Video: Experimental beta of native support for video on Quora
mssg.me: Easiest way to gather all your messengers with one link
Gather: The minimal, modular organizer that cuts through the clutter
Startup Mixtape: A directory of the best business podcast episodes ever
Tribe Calls: Skype, made simple. Cross platform & shareable links.
Graphcool: The GraphQL backend for mobile & web developers
Storyheap: Manage your Snapchat & Instagram Stories 📸
Caprine: Elegant Facebook Messenger desktop app
peek: Hyperlocal live stream platform
Get Worm 2.0: Discover new startups, join early and get exclusive rewards
Binded: Copyright made simple.
Y Combinator Podcast: Y Combinators new podcast on starting a startup
Microsoft Surface Laptop: Microsoft's answer to the MacBook Air
Snapchat Ads: Snapchat's official self-serve ads manager
Startup Emails: Responsive HTML email templates for startups
Echo Show: Amazon Echo now has a screen
Will Robots Take My Job?: Find out how susceptible is your job to computerization
Fuse Studio: The world's first visual, real-time app development tool
Pleo - Expense Reports: A company card that does your expense reports
Web Code Tools: Easy snippets of code essentials and generators
Feather: Simply beautiful open source icons
Roadmap: Plan projects and manage resources with ease.
Runway: The cash planning tool for startups
Apple ARKit: A framework to create Augmented Reality experiences for iOS
Promo: The easiest way to create marketing videos, from Slidely
AirMeasure: Turn your phone into a ruler with the power of AR
How to Acquire More Users: The startup growth guide used by Y Combinator companies
Monument Valley 2: Sequel to the Apple Game of the Year 2014
Landbot.io BETA: Turn a landing page into a chatbot
The New Headspace: Learn to meditate and live mindfully
Flawless App: Make your iOS apps look exactly like the expected design
Adobe Scan: Adobe's free scan app with text recognition superpowers
Paperplane: Beautiful, responsive email templates
SiteStacks: Discover the complete tech stack of any website
API List: A collective list of APIs. Build something.
Estimapp 2.0: How much does it really cost to make an app?
Skype: Completely redesigned with GIFs, group video chat, & stories
FontJoy: Get smart font pairings in one click
Flymble: Book a flight for 1/10 of the cost upfront.
MacOS High Sierra: Apple's newest MacOS update
UX Flow Wireframe Prototyping System: Create beautiful user flows prototypes for your next project
RealEye: See exactly what users see, not just where they click!
Made With ARKit: Hand-picked curation of the coolest stuff made with ARKit
Topol.io: Beautiful HTML e-mails easily
Snap Map: A whole new way to explore the world, by Snapchat
Hacker Hunt: If Product Hunt and Hacker News had a baby
CoolHue: Coolest gradient hues and swatches
New Twitter Apps: All new design for Twitter's mobile apps
Logolix: Free & Custom Logo Design for Startups
Taskful: A smart to-do list that divides up your tasks for the day
Dribbble for iOS: Dribbble's official app for iPhone and iPad
1000 Slack Groups: A categorized list of 1000 Slack communities
Anyfi: WiFi mesh network of smartphones
Snips Voice Platform: The first AI-powered voice assistant with privacy
Pulse: Fall asleep in 60 seconds with this innovative breathing app
iMac Pro: The most powerful iMac ever made
Apple HomePod: The new home entertainment system by Apple
Sega Forever: Sega classic games released on iOS/Android
Sony Digital Paper: Reinventing paper. Sony's e-ink tablet.
Morning Routine 3.0: Win the morning, win the day!
Py 2.0: Learn to code on the go 📱
A Summary Guide to YC Startup School: Learn key points of each 1 hour video in 5 minutes or less
Session Replay by Zarget: See how visitors view and use your site.
Amazon Prime Wardrobe: Try before you buy fashion 
iOS 11: The latest operating system from Apple
Mac App Advisor by Setapp: Leverages AI to launch the Setapp recommendation system
Mailroom Month: 📰 Get massive amounts of press for your startup — for free.
Visme for Infographics: Create infographics in minutes from ready-made blocks.
TrueFace.AI: A facial recognition API with picture attack detection
Normal Software: Insights and ideas from businesses outside of tech
Muzzle: Silence embarrassing notifications while screensharing
Real Pitch Decks From 40+ Top Startups: A collection of startup pitch decks that raised $1.4 Billion
Spotify.me: Beautiful analytics on your Spotify listening habits 🎧
First Users: Find out how successful startups got their 1st users
Abstract: A secure, version-controlled hub for your design files
Apple Machine Learning Journal: A blog written by Apple engineers
Hire, by Google: A new service for helping businesses recruit
Cryptominded: Where you learn more about cryptocurrencies
Remote Starter Kit: The ultimate list of tools and processes for remote teams
Hoodmaps: Crowdsourced neighborhood 🗺 maps to navigate a city 💫
Learn Anything: Search Interactive Maps to Learn Anything
Ghost 1.0: A new editor, new design and major upgrades
Supernova: Turn Sketch designs into native mobile apps in minutes
Zuckerberg Shirt: It's grey and it always will be.
Cassette 2.0: Record, transcribe & search user interviews, meetings, calls
Grabient: Grab a gradient
Figma 2.0: Design and prototype in one always up to date tool
Datastarta: A database of 3150 angel investors to get seed funding
Slik: Get automated leads from a database of 70 million people 📊
Mailshake: A simple and easy to use solution for cold emails
Growbots Email Timing Optimizer: Find the perfect time to send your email
BookAuthority: Personalized book recommendations from top industry leaders
Gatsby: Blazing fast static site generator for React
Slidebean 3.0: Create stunning, professional presentations in minutes
Seeing AI: Talking camera for the blind, by Microsoft
Karmabot 2.0: Streamline your business on Slack
How to GraphQL: Open-source tutorial website to learn GraphQL development
PSD to Sketch Design Converter: Convert a Photoshop design to a layered Sketch file for free
Plotagraph: Animate your static photographs in an intuitive way
DomainHack.Me: Create domain hacks for any word
DoNotPay 2.0: The world's first robot lawyer expands to 1,000 legal areas
Keyword Tool & Content Assistant: Content optimization tool to boost your rankings
Crisp Livechat: The most modern experience to talk to website visitors
Wix Code: Build custom web applications & robust websites, hassle-free
SEO Audit: A simple, beautiful SEO audit tool that tells all you need
Shotty: Faster access to your screenshots on Mac.
Failory: Learn from other entrepreneur's mistakes
Hunter TechLookup: Create lists of websites by technology for free
InvestorDeck: Find and share latest investor decks from 6,500+ companies.
Meetingbird for Gmail: View your calendar and schedule meetings right from Gmail
Chromeless: Headless Chrome automation on AWS Lambda
Little Snitch 4: Shows connection alerts when apps are connecting
Poptin: Free lead capture platform for your website
Lisa: Machine Learning powered engagement predictor for Instagram
Glass Enterprise Edition: Google Glass is back, for the enterprise 🤓
Messengerify: A Chat Widget Powered by Facebook Messenger
Dimmy.Club: Device mockup generator for your website and app screenshots
Vimsy: Create your own video streaming website (like Netflix)
SEOtooList: Find the best SEO tool for the right job (community curated)
HackerMetrics: Turn your Google Analytics into beautiful reports
Product Hunt 4.0: Now with Reviews, Badges, Web Links, and more ✨
Crello: A simplified graphic design tool with 10,000 free templates
WhatRuns: Discover what runs a website in one click  🖥️ 🔍
DesignBetter.Co, from InVision: The essential guide to product design and design thinking
Blockchain Demo: Visual demonstration of blockchain technology
Medium 3.0: Next step of an exciting new phase and the Partners Program
Sketch for Designers: A growing collection of  the best Sketch resources
THE BAMF BIBLE: 25+ Growth Hacks from 2017
Product Graveyard: Commemorating the most memorable dead products
DesignMunk: Landing Page Inspirations
Nomad Gear: The best gear for digital nomads as voted by you 💫
STUDIO: Next generation design tool for digital products
Now UI Kit: A beautiful Bootstrap 4 UI kit. Yours free.
SaaS Startup Guide by Hotjar 🔥: You have an MVP. Now what?
Light Phone: Phone designed to be used as little as possible
Watch by Facebook: "Facebook TV" has arrived. A new platform for shows. 📺
ContactRescue: Magically get your address book up-to-date and accurate
Send by Firefox: Share large files (up to 1GB) online, encrypted for free
Android 8.0 Oreo: Smarter, faster, more powerful and sweeter than ever
Webflow University: Teaching the next generation of web design with Webflow
Indiegogo for Entrepreneurs: Raise money for your idea and find your first customers
Startup Framework 2.0: Create a beautiful, responsive website in under an 1 hour
Prisma Labs: Build more Intelligent apps with the power of deep learning
Honeydue - Couples Finance App: The simplest way to manage money, together
Floating Cloud: A magnetically levitating ambient lamp.
Officekit: Handpicked tools to boost your office productivity
Operator by Intercom: The bot for better customer experiences
Converse: Turn your iPhone into a translation device
Google ARCore: Google Augmented Reality SDK
Anchor Videos: Magically transform audio to video and share it anywhere
Drip Scripts: Create automated email sequences in 60 seconds
Shopify’s Chip & Swipe Reader: Sell in person with Shopify’s free Chip & Swipe Reader
My Time Zone: Automatic time zone conversion tool
Vector Emoji: 😍 for Sketch & Photoshop
Logo Rank: Let an AI critique your logo design
Swarm 5.0: Remember everywhere.
GMass: Send mass email campaigns inside Gmail and Inbox
Wallpaper Wizard 2: Wow-worthy backgrounds for Mac
Brandpa: Domain names for startups
Smartmockups App 2.0: Create stunning product screenshots without using Photoshop
Freehand 2.0, from InVision: A whole new way to collaborate creatively from InVision
Map Generator 2.0 for Sketch: Design beautiful map interfaces with Google Maps & Mapbox
How to launch like Harry's: Easily create a referral program with this handy tool 💪
Interviews on Skype: Test candidates using a real-time code editor over Skype
Incoming Feedback by Hotjar: Instant visual feedback for your website or app!
Bonsai Proposals: Automated & beautiful proposals for creative freelancers
Inside SaaS Sales: 1000+ sales emails and voicemails from top SaaS companies
YOLO: Real-time object detection
Evercoin: A cryptocurrency exchange platform
Know Your VC: Vetted investor reviews from the founders who know them
Sublime Text 3.0: The long awaited version 3 of the popular code editor
Ship by Product Hunt: A toolkit for makers to ship awesome products ⛵
iPhone X: Apple’s most advanced iPhone yet with a 5.8" OLED display
Notion for iOS: A collaborative editor for notes, tasks, and wikis
The Y Combinator Database: The definitive database of YC companies with all the metrics
Atlassian Design: Design, develop, and deliver
Trello Desktop for Mac: Get More Done Without Distractions
AirMeasure: The ultimate augmented reality measuring toolkit
Startup with Google: Tools to help with your new startup
How to Build a Career in Tech, by Product Hunt: Best advice from founders, investors & industry leaders 🙏
Botletter: Send newsletters on Facebook Messenger
Instaaa: Promote your business on 125 directories with a single click
How to grow like Dropbox: Build a Dropbox-style referral with this useful tool ✌️
Petal: A simple, no-fee credit card
Pi Charging: The world's first contactless, wireless charger.
Your Time Capsule by Spotify: Throw it back with nostalgic tracks picked just for you.
Stride: Atlassian's new group messaging and video meeting platform
Semplice 4: Portfolio system for designers & developers.
FindThatLead Prospector: Feed your sales team with daily leads.
Design+Code 2: Design and code a Swift 4 app using Sketch 40+ and Xcode 9.
Unsplash Wallpapers for Mac (Official): Curated, HD desktop background photos from Unsplash.
Templates by Email Monster: Hundreds of free, responsive email templates. Pick and edit.
GitKraken: The legendary Git GUI client for Windows, Mac and Linux
Colors: A data-driven collection of beautiful color palettes 🌈
Gone: An ephemeral to-do list
Bliss: Fly anywhere for $0 upfront ✈️
Live Chat for Sales by Intercom: The quickest way to get more qualified leads
AppFollow 3.0: Reply to app reviews, manage ASO and monitor app activities
Jammy Guitar: Portable steel string digital guitar made to play anywhere
Enpose: The simple screenshot bot
Manager checklist: Cheatsheet of things every manager should do
Marketing for Developers 2.0: A book for programmers who want to learn marketing
Swiipe News: A different take on viewing the headlines by a 14-year-old 📰
YC World: Explore Y Combinator companies by country
Leadfeeder Contacts: Find contact information for anonymous website visitors
Opendesk: Hosting digital furniture designs that can be made anywhere
Slack Shared Channels: Work with anyone in Slack
Merge: To-do list app for couples living together
FlagTimes: The macOS app for anyone working in multiple timezones.
Parla: AI-powered English teacher
Sidekix: A new way to explore hundreds of cities on foot. It's free!
Freezetab: A powerful alternative to bookmarks.
Cerebral Key: Nootropics supplement for cognitive enhancement
Tyke: Mac menu bar app that @torrez really needed to take notes
Name Ideas Generator: A simplistic domain name generator.
Dialogs by Slack: Build interactive forms in Slack that do all sorts of things
Apple Watch Series 3: Apple's newest internet-connected smartwatch
Airtable Universe: Real workflows from real people
Bonfire: The new group video chat app from Facebook 🔥
YouTeam: A fast and easy way to hire software engineers
Station: One app to rule them all
Coda: It's a new day for docs.
New Google Calendar: Google is launching a new look + new features for Calendar
InVision Studio: The world’s most powerful screen design tool
Interactive Screen Sharing in Slack: The next best thing to working in the same room
Slite: The note app for teams
Stripe Elements: Beautiful, smart checkout flows 💳💸
Stripe Atlas Guides: Learn how to run an internet business 🚀
Pictogon: The fastest and easiest way to create interactive images
Airbnb Official API: Develop your application for millions of travelers & hosts
Draftsend: Presentations you can 👀 and 👂
BAMF LinkedIn Influencer: Step by Step Guide to LinkedIn Hacking in 2017
Prkit.co: Create a professional press kit for your company
Froala Design Blocks: 170+ free responsive design blocks based on Bootstrap 4
Oak: Meditation and breathing exercises for geeks
AppGrowthLab: 55 app growth lessons from 30 app marketing experts
Spectrum: Build better communities
Product Alternatives: Find alternatives and actual replacements for B2B software
InVision Design System Manager: Create and maintain your design system at scale.
Draggable by Shopify: The Drag & Drop library your grandparents warned you about.
The Landing Page Cookbook: A guide for makers who want to create better landing pages.
App Pages: Curated directory of the best app pages
WhatTheFont: Shazam for fonts! Identify fonts with your camera.
Woz U: Steve Wozniak's new tech education platform
Storyline: Create voice apps without coding
The Startup Way: The new book from Eric Ries, author of The Lean Startup
Planable: The command center for your social media team
Snap Art: Snap's augmented reality platform
Square Register: A fully integrated point of sale (POS) system 💰
Google Pixel 2: Ask more of your phone.
MindFi: Meditate with open eyes. Be productive.
Devhints: TL;DR for developer documentation
Amazon Key: An in-home security camera and smart lock
Graphmented: Create stunning charts using AR (Patent Pending).
SERPstash: Free SEO tools for Entrepreneurs
SlidesPPT: Beautiful free presentation templates for Google Slides
AngelList Weekly: The best of the startup world, curated weekly 💌
HQ: Live trivia game show by the founder of Vine
Flow: Animate Sketch designs and generate production-ready code.
TechCrunch 3.0: The mobile app, completely redesigned from the ground up ✨
Progate: A web service where everyone can learn to code
Frames for Sketch: Create awesome websites & apps using powerful design system
Top Medium Stories: The top stories on Medium, updated daily 🏆
Test4startup 2.0: Research a project market  in just 7 seconds
GrowthHackList: 100+ curated growth hacks for makers + early stage startups
WyzeCam: A $19.99 tiny smart home camera
Hygger: The Сomplete Project Management Platform for Agile Teams
Animated Designs by Crello: Free animated design templates to revive your projects
Webflow Interactions 2.0: Design and build web animations and interactions
The Uber Game: Can you make it in the gig economy?
Firefox Quantum: The newest, fastest version of Firefox yet. 🔥🦊
First Search: The world's best startup advice, curated and searchable.
Tesla Semi: The safest, and most comfortable truck ever made
New Tesla Roadster: The fastest production car ever made ⚡️
Mockup Generator: Create attractive product screenshots with just a few clicks
Really Good UX: A library of screenshots for UX inspiration
IconBros: Free and continuously growing high quality icons
Earn.com: Earn money for replying to emails and completing tasks.
Thieve: A curated list of the best products on AliExpress
Landing Pages in MailChimp: Easy to build, custom landing pages for free
Landbot: Build conversational websites, convert more visitors
Stomp 4.0: Turn 100 words into a cinematic intro
Poly by Google: Explore the world of 3D
The modern web design process: An in-depth guide to the processes behind great websites.
productboard 2.0: The product management tool for makers who care.
The Influencer Marketing Stack: Free resources to launch a killer campaign
Tesla Powerbank: A Tesla supercharger for your phone!
The Landing Page Analyzer by Unbounce: A free tool that instantly grades your landing pages
The Grammarly Keyboard for iOS: Grammarly launches new iOS keyboard for better writing
Startup Tracker 3.0: The startup search engine 🎯
JSRobot: Learn to code in JavaScript by playing a game 🤖
Blockchain Demo 2.0: A visual demo of the blockchain data structure
Fin: Fin combines human & machine intelligence to get more done
Messenger Customer Chat: Facebook's newest product for online businesses 🗣️
Amazon AR view: Try products in your home before you buy them
PixelMe: URL shortener for savvy marketers
Let's Enhance: Image upscaling supercharged
Startup Ideas: Daily ideas for what to build next
Uber Elevate: The future of on-demand urban air transportation by UBER
Franz 5: One desktop app for (almost) all of your messaging apps
Robinhood for Web: Robinhood launches new web product, passes 3M users
NameQL: Find a name for your product or company in milliseconds
Quick Code: Curated list of free online programming courses
New Snapchat: The new Snapchat, redesigned to separate social from media
Avataaars: Mix and match avatars with a Sketch library
Amazon Comprehend: Discover insights and relationships in text
FlowMapp: UX planning tool for creating a visual sitemap
Shortcuts.design: Every shortcut for designers in one place!
1Password 7.0 for iOS: Secure password manager and digital wallet.
Explain Me Please: Complex topics explained for your level and background
Tribe of Mentors: Short life advice from the best in the world, by Tim Ferriss
Google Design Sprint Starter Kit: This Kit helps you to run your first Google Design Sprint.
Tech Blogs List: Curated list of 3,800+ tech journalists
Avataaars Generator: A simple avatar generator
Mailcastr: Create email signature that can track your emails
Briefcase by AppSumo: "Netflix for software"
Subtly: Learn English with smart subtitles on movies and TV shows
Zeroqode: Build your app up to 10x faster with no-code app templates
lucr: Get early adopters for your startup
From Startups For Startups: 50+ Hours of curated Interviews & podcasts
Siftery: Share products you use at work,explore what others are using
Website Grader: Grade your website's strengths and weaknesses in seconds.
Oristand: A super affordable, portable standing desk
Truebill: Find your paid subscriptions and cancel with 1-click
Air Bonsai: Levitating Bonsai Trees
UX Timeline: See how some of today's best companies have evolved
Peach: Keep up with friends and be yourself 🍑
ProductMap: A smarter way to tell your users about product updates.
Statsbot: Google Analytics bot for Slack
UXTesting: Discover how your mobile users feel
Entrepreneur Tools: A collection of tools and resources for startups
Clearbit Connect: Rapportive on steroids. See data about contacts in Gmail.
Throttle: Stop giving out your email address
Pexels 3.0: Best free stock photos in one place
UI Garage : Specific mobile and web design patterns for your inspiration
Adobe Voice 2.0: Make stunning explainer videos – in minutes. Now on iPhone.
ZCast: Live interactive podcasting with your Twitter followers
Tesla Summon: Autonomously park & summon Tesla from phone, outside car.
Upbeat: On-demand PR campaigns
Trim: Manage and cancel your paid subscriptions
Hacking UI: Podcast, Newsletter & Blog about Product Design & Creation
CodeUpStart: Learn to code by building real apps from zero to launch
Commaful: Share beautiful stories with images and GIFs
Ripple Maker: A coffee machine that turns selfies & photos into latte art
Talkus: Chat with your website users from Slack
Postman for Mac (Beta): Build, test, and document your APIs faster
Castle: The easiest way to protect your users from getting hacked
Assist: Bring the best services to your favorite messaging apps
SoundNode: SoundCloud desktop app (OS X, Windows, Linux)
Proud: All the best productivity tools in one place.
1Password 6.2 for iOS: Simple digital security with extra iOS 9 super powers!
Canvas by Facebook: A new space for big ideas on Facebook
Mattermark Search: Search all the companies in Mattermark completely FREE
Teslasuit: The worlds 1st full body haptics suit that lets you feel VR
CloudMagic for Mac: Simple, beautiful & blazing fast email app now on Mac.
Shelf: Discover great products with people who actually use them
Recharge: Take a nap or shower in a luxury hotel
Focuster: Ditch your todo list for an intelligent schedule
Mobile Dashboards by Mixpanel: Monitor your key metrics, everywhere you go
about.me: Your personal page with purpose, completely redesigned
Prompt: The command line for the real world
Sendbird: The simplest chat & messaging solution for your app
Best Programming Language for Me in 2016: What is the best programming language to learn in 2016?
Publicize 2.0: Everything you need for media coverage
jQuery Cards: Curated repository of over 1000 quality jQuery plugins
GRAIL: Early cancer detection via blood screening, by Illumina
Felt for iPhone: Handwritten cards for the modern world
Hackathon Starter: A boilerplate for Node.js web applications.
Zoom, Enhance!: Make zoom GIFs. Make laughs.
Netflix Secret Categories: A directory of all the "secret" Netflix categories
Stripe Atlas (Pre-Launch): A new way to start an internet business anywhere
Unsplash 4.0: Free (do whatever you want) high-res photos
Polymail iOS: Simple, beautiful, powerful email for iOS
Product Hunt 3.0: The place to discover your next favorite thing
Maître Viral Referral Waiting List: Create a viral waiting list in 60 seconds
Autonomous Sit-to-Stand Desk: $299 Electric height adjustable standing desk w/ memory pad
Muzli 2: All the design inspiration you need
Tilda Publishing: Build beautiful websites and tell stories without any code
Anchor: Record bite-sized podcasts that anyone can join ⚓
Freelancer Stack: Curated directory of tools used by 10,000+ freelancers
Quartz for iPhone: An ongoing conversation about the news
Smartmockups: Create product screenshots with just a few clicks, for free
Instant 3.0: Google Analytics for your life.
LOL Colors: Curated color palette inspiration.
Mapme: Medium for maps
mjml.: The open source framework for responsive emails
Raspberry Pi 3: 3nd generation with faster processor, wireless and Bluetooth
Craft by InVision: Sketch and PS plugins to pull live data into your designs
Multi-Step Zaps by Zapier: The easiest way to build powerful workflows with your apps
Spark by Readdle: Fast, smart and beautiful email client for iOS
Volume Mixer for Mac: App-specific volume control
Collect UI: Daily inspiration collected from #dailyui archive and beyond
HeyUser: A video gallery for mobile onboarding design inspiration
Roam: The first global co-living subscription
SlideCamp: Library of PowerPoint slides to kickstart your presentation.
musicForProgramming();: Mixes intended for listening while programming
Marvel 2.0: Super simple design, prototyping and collaboration
Idea Hunt: Solve specific challenges for your favorite products
Buffer Reply: Team inbox for social
Acre Designs: Simple, sexy Smarthomes that produce all their own power.
Popcorn Time Online: Stream movies and TV series on your browser
Angle: 200+ Android & iOS vector device mockups for Sketch
Outsite: Coworking/living membership in beautiful places globally
Typeface: Helps you pick the perfect font from your collection
Instabug: Bug reporting and In-app feedback for mobile apps
Nexar: Turn your phone into an AI Dashcam
getWiFi: A global map of 500,000+ open, public WiFi hotspots
SketchApp.rocks: Index of all awesome things related to Sketch.
Airmail for iOS: One of the best Mac email clients, now on iPhone
Party with a Local 2.0: Because a night out anywhere is better with a local
Overnight: Book a last-minute stay with local hosts
Robinhood Instant: The fastest way to trade stocks. Instant access to deposits
Notarize: Legally notarize your documents online, anytime.
Portia: Scrape websites visually
yes.no: Ask people you admire things you’ve always wanted to know
UI Patterns: Level up with interactive mobile design patterns
Workbot for Slack: Work your apps from Slack
Konsus: On-demand freelancers for business available 24/7 via chat.
GO CUBES Chewable Coffee: Keep your coffee in your pocket instead of a cup
Reedsy Book Editor: Professionally designed books in seconds
Carrd: Simple, responsive, one-page sites for pretty much anything.
Privacy.com: Get a new virtual card for every transaction
Franz: Messenger for WhatsApp, Telegram, Facebook, Slack & Hipchat
Instant Logo Search: Search and download thousands of logos instantly
Calls on Slack: Make voice calls in Slack
Blockhead: Turn your Apple charger sideways so it fits in more places
Escape: Track all your unnecessary trips to distracting websites
Papier: Open a new tab and trap your best thoughts.
UpLabs: The best material design, iOS & web resources, every day
Crawly: Never write another web scraper
Foundation for Emails 2: Create responsive HTML emails that work on any device
React Native Desktop: Build OS X desktop apps using React Native
tray.io: Build powerful integrations between any service
Bobby: Keep track of your subscriptions
Expresso: A little tool to improve your writing
Go Fucking Work: Website blocker so you can get back to your fucking work
Lingo: File hide in folders, visuals live in Lingo
Sprint: How to solve big problems and test new ideas in 5 days
Chatfuel: Create chatbots to engage with your audience on messengers
Git Sketch Plugin: Version control for designers
Investor List: A searchable, crowdsourced list of over 1k investors
Nike HyperAdapt 1.0: Self-lacing running shoes
App Marketing Stack: 200+ handpicked resources on app marketing and mobile growth
Revue 2.0: The easiest way to create and send a curated newsletter
Muscle Wiki: Understand your body, simplify your workouts
Google Doc Publisher: Make Google Docs good-looking in two clicks
Summize: Get a summary of virtually anything in seconds
DeepGram: Search engine for speech
To Round: Task manager designed for visual thinkers
Unfiltered.news: What the world is talking about, visualized graphically
Api.ai for Slack: Build a smart conversational Slack bot in 5 minutes. 
Logo Foundry: Create professional logos in minutes on your phone
Bartender 2: Organize and hide menu bar items on your Mac
Echo Dot by Amazon: Amazon's latest additions to the Echo family.
Plan 1.0: Manage & organise your life
Good Free Photos: Large free stock photo site with thousands of public photos
Snapchat Chat 2.0: All-new Chat with stickers, audio, video notes and more
Product Hunt Topics: A new way to share and discover things on Product Hunt
Petcube 3.0: Play laser tag with real pets from your smartphone.
botwick: Build your own SMS-based text bot
DJI Phantom 4: Can dodge obstacles and track humans.
Kuku Analytics: Smart social media analytics
Abot: Build your own digital assistant
Hemingboard: Puns, synonyms, rhymes in your keyboard
Shakr: Make amazing videos to rock your marketing
Marker 2.0: Send badass screenshots to Slack, Trello, Github and more
Magpie: Female travelers club - meet women like you when you travel
Sharethebus: Organize a bus for you and your friends in 60 seconds
The Most Dangerous Writing App: Don't stop typing, or all progress will be lost.
SoundCloud Go: Your favorite music and new discoveries, offline and ad-free
Good Email Copy: Email copy from great companies.
Tesla Model 3: The mass market electric car by Tesla is here ⚡️🚘
Kite: Internet-connected programming
Api.ai for Facebook Messenger: The easiest way to build an FB bot. No coding required!
Project Infinite by Dropbox: Access all the files on Dropbox without having to sync
Franz 2.0: Desktop app for Slack, WhatsApp, Skype, Telegram, Messenger
Showbox: Create amazing videos right in your browser
AngelList Intros: Connecting early-stage startups with investors
BotList: An app store for bots
Product Hunt for Mac: A tiny app that lives in your menu bar 📱👾📚🎧
Reddit App: The official app for Android & iOS. Meow.
Register to Vote: Register to vote in 30 seconds by scanning your ID 🇺🇸
Chart.js 2.0: Simple, clean & engaging charts for designers & developers.
Bootstrap 4 Cheat Sheet: An interactive Bootstrap 4 cheat sheet
How much does a website cost?: Easily calculate the cost of a website using this handy tool
Senders: Caller ID for your email
Arka: Easiest way to order custom packaging online.
Instaparser: Cleanly pull content from any website
Luka 2.0: Messaging app with AI-powered bots
Webflow Flexbox UI Builder: Build flexible, responsive layouts — without writing code
Messenger Platform (Beta): Build your bot and reach 900 million people around the world
Bots UI Kit: Fully customizable Sketch UI Kit for Messenger Platform
FlexboxPatterns: Build awesome user interfaces with CSS flexbox
SeeNote: The always on, digital sticky note
Telegram Bot Platform 2.0: A new era of messaging
Framer: Now with auto-code, an all-new way to design with code
Freebiesbug: Collection of the best free web design resources.
Cassette: The best way for designers to record & share user interviews
INKHUNTER: Try tattoos in real-time with augmented reality
Front 3.0: Team Inboxes for Email, Twitter, Text & more
Peetch: The last PowerPoint Pitchdeck you’ll ever need
Nomino: Find a cool name for your product 
Apple Music API: Apple Music now available in 3rd Party Apps
Drift for Slack: Talk to your website visitors & customers in real-time
Panama Papers Map: Panama Papers broken down by country.
LinkedIn Students: Discover career paths and land a job
Visual Studio Code 1.0: Microsoft's cross-platform text editor for developers
Command: Making the web better with Slack-like slash commands.
Giphy Capture: Turn anything on your screen into a GIF!
Naked: The world’s first home body scanner for fitness tracking
AlternativeTo: Crowdsourced software recommendations
Airbnb Live There: Don’t go there. Live there.
WeLive: Furnished, flexible apartments by WeWork
Nomad List Collections: Curated collections of the best places to live and travel
TimeZoneNinja: Scheduling meetings around the world just got easy
Platforma Wireframe Kit: The ultimate wireframe kit for prototyping
Estherbot: Transform your resume into a bot.
Jelly 2.0: A search engine for busy people 🐙
Medium for Publishers: New custom tool for Medium's publishers
iOS Stack: A curated collection of iOS resources for app builders
Gboard by Google: Google Search, GIFs, emojis & more—right from your keyboard
Project Soli by Google: Your hands are the only interface you'll need
Google Home: Google's Alexa competitor, an in-home voice assistant
Instagram 8: A new look for Instagram
Alfred 3: The Mac's best launcher just got a whole lot better
Firebase: App success made simple by google
Electron 1.0: Build cross platform desktop apps
Product Hunt Shop: Buy cool things you discover on Product Hunt 😄 📦
Airmail 3: A simple, beautiful email client for Mac and iOS
On Deck: Meet top entrepreneurs about to start/join something new
illustrio: Infinitely customizable graphics for everyone
Wirify: Turn any web page into a wireframe in one click
Parsey McParseface: The world’s most accurate open source parser 
Chatfuel for Messenger: The intuitive bot builder with AI navigation
UI Interactions: The best UI Interactions for your inspiration, every day.
Spaces by Google: Small group sharing for everything in life
Fast.com: Internet speed test, powered by Netflix
Tor Browser 6.0: Browse the internet anonymously 
CUJO: Smart firewall for your connected home
Bench: Rapid fire meetings to get shit done
Canary Mail 2.0: Easy, elegant email for Mac
Dummy Card Generator: Generate fake credit card numbers for eCommerce testing
Ghost for Facebook: Productivity app that keeps you invisible on Facebook chat.
Beme 1.0: Capture real moments from the world around you
Code-Free Startup: Learn how to build real apps without coding
ManyChat for Facebook Messenger: Create a Messenger bot to engage your audience. No coding!
Jaco: Watch and analyze your users’ behavior
HelpSite.io: Generate a beautiful FAQ & help site in minutes.
Highly Reco: Book recommendations by awesome people
Pebble 2, Time 2 + All-New Pebble Core: Two new heart-rate enabled smartwatches + 3G wearable
Allo and Duo: Google’s new smart messaging and video calling apps
WhatsApp Desktop: WhatsApp, now on your desktop
Dashmote: The best stock images via cognitive-powered search
Design Hunt for Web: Daily curated inspiration for everyone
Snips: Add a layer of AI to your phone, manage all your information
Atlas: Eye-opening charts and data, powered by Quartz 😳
Deco IDE: Best IDE for building React Native apps
Spendesk: Generate corporate cards & manage expenses for your team
Distorted Button Effects: Highly experimental distortion effects for buttons
Software Product Management Stack: Resources & tools to help you manage your software product
Zenly: Locate your friends in realtime - GPS tracker
Sign in with Slack: Let users login to your site with Slack
Earny: A bot that gets you money back when prices drop
Keyword Explorer by Moz: Find the best keywords to improve your website's SEO traffic
Somebody.io: Create your own personal website in under 3 minutes
Sherbit: Analytics for your life
gifs: Create personalized GIFs in your browser 😮
React Boilerplate 3.0: Offline-first, highly scalable foundation for your next app
Quik by GoPro: Easiest way to create awesome videos
Pattern: If Evernote + IFTTT + Excel had a baby
Google Fonts: Brand new redesign to Google Fonts ✨
Copper: Password-free signups. No social network required.
Bear: A beautiful, flexible writing app for notes and prose
Lacona: Fast, simple, powerful keyboard-driven commands for Mac
Loom: Seamless screen, mic, and camera recording for Chrome
Scale: Get human tasks done with just one line of code.
Type Anything: Test & create the perfect typography setup for your website
Trello for Slack: Organize anything with anyone, inside Slack
Great Apps Timeline:  See how some of today's great apps evolved over time.
iOS 10 : Apple's latest OS puts 3D Touch, Siri, and Emojis everywhere
Forest: Universal admin interface
Slack Message Buttons: Making messages more interactive with buttons
OK Google: Explore over 150 Google Now voice commands in one place
Productivity Tools by Dropbox: Scan, share, collaborate & provide feedback on your ideas
Snappa: Create online graphics in a snap
Kickresume: Create an outstanding resume & cover letter in minutes
Swift Playgrounds: Learn serious code on your iPad in a seriously fun way
Flows by Stamplay: Lego for APIs
Indemand: Create an on-demand business in minutes
Plume: Small pods that brings reliable WiFi to every room
Paste 2: Smart cloud clipboard history and snippets manager for Mac
Font Fit: Try out different fonts on your website
Algolia Places: Intelligent address autocomplete for any <input>
Elementor: Advanced drag & drop live page builder for WordPress.
UberRUSH API: Add on-demand delivery to your app or service
Messaging Design Kit for Sketch: Everything you need to design rich messaging experiences
Instagram for Business: Instagram tools for business users
Stencil: The fastest way to create and share visual content
Code NASA: 253 NASA open source software projects
Facebook DeepText: Facebook's text understanding engine
Motion Stills by Google: Turn live photos into cinematic, beautiful GIFs
Andela: Hire developers from Africa to code for your startup
AND CO: Invoicing, Expenses, Contracts & Payments for your business
Lead Flows: All-in-one conversion pop-ups for your website
Inside VR & AR : A highly curated newsletter about VR & AR
SiteSee: Curated gallery of beautiful, modern websites.
Engage by Twitter: A safer Twitter for celebs (that everyone can use) 🐥
Lemon: Know where your money's going 💰 👀
Homescreen.me: Share your homescreen and discover new apps.
PressKitHero: Easily create a professional press kit for your startup
RemoteBase: Find the best remote companies & jobs.
idime: The simplest way to expand your iPhone storage up to 256 GB
Mega Boilerplate: Handcrafted starter projects
Proud for Mac: Break down tasks & boost your productivity
Dopamine: Hack user engagement with Dopamine's Reinforcement API
Native Analytics by Keen IO: Build and ship analytics features for your users.
Facebook 360 Photos: Share an immersive view of your world
ChalkMotion: Create animated doodle slideshows
PlateJoy: Data-driven nutrition to make healthy eating easy
Twitter Dashboard: Connecting businesses with fans, customers, and community
Prisma: AI that turns your photos into artwork in seconds
Panda 5 Beta: A smart news reader, powered by integrations.
Sans Francisco: A collection of tools and resources for designers
Buffer for Instagram: Plan, track, and analyze your Instagram marketing
Nintendo Classic Mini: The NES is back... but it's mini!
Tinycards by Duolingo: The future of learning with flashcards, by Duolingo
Smartmockups App: Create stunning product screenshots in seconds!
Data Gallery by Think with Google: Put Google research and insight behind your thinking
Places to Work: See  10,000+ places to work from near you
Drift 2.0: A scalable way to talk to your customers
Compressify: Compress video files by 20-60%
Highly for iOS: Medium-style highlighting in every app and website. 🖌
Twitter Live: Twitter replaces TV. Watch live events and tweet w/ friend.
Blisk Browser: A Chromium-based browser for Web developers
SendPulse: Increase newsletter open rate with artificial intelligence.
Google Cloud Natural Language API: Natural language API using Google machine learning
HyperTerm: Terminal emulator based on JS, HTML and CSS
Meetingbird: Supercharge your team's meetings
Instant 4.0: Google Analytics for your life, now with a chatbot coach
Bookcelerator: A curated directory of books that will make you smarter 
Simpla: The modular content system for frontend developers
Republic: A platform where anyone can invest in startups
Pomodoro Time: Simple Pomodoro timer in your Mac's menu bar
Intercom Messenger: The messenger for business. All new.
Material Kit: A badass Bootstrap UI Kit based on material design
Amazon Restaurants: Free one-hour local food delivery for Prime customers
Leaf: Plug-n'-plant automatic cannabis home grow system
Sidebar: The five best design links of the day, freshly redesigned
LaunchKit - Open Source: A popular suite of developer tools, now 100% open source.
Notebook: The beautifully simple note-taking app
Prisma for Android: AI that turns your photos into artwork,  now on Android
Snapchat Memories: Save and search for snaps on Snapchat
Uber Central: Request, manage, and pay for Ubers for your customers
Stripe iOS SDK: Accept both Apple Pay and credit card payments easily on iOS
Paws for Trello: A beautiful Mac & Windows app for Trello
MessageBird Chat API: Connect with your customers through different messaging apps
Mybridge 2.0: Top articles for your professional skills
Passport Index 2016: View the world's passports and see how they rank
Density: A modern infrastructure for anonymously counting people
CTRL-F: Search printed documents, with your camera!
Instaread: Read or hear key takeaways of any book in minutes
Landing UI Kit: Handcrafted UI components for landing pages
CoFoundersLab: Meet 250,000+ entrepreneurs online
Grover: Rent electronics for a month & try it before you buy.
Rocket: Slack-style emoji everywhere on your Mac 🚀
Paw 3: The most advanced API tool for Mac
Better Notes: Simple notes app that ties notes together with #hashtags
Pitchcard Explore: Pitch and explore ideas, find collaborators to build things
Timezone.io: Keep track where and when your team is.
Hire Tech Ladies: Connecting women with the best jobs in tech
Notion 1.0 Web + Mac App: Docs, wikis, tasks – a minimal & unified workspace for teams
Boomerang Respondable: Write perfect emails with Artificial Intelligence
Pricing Pages: Curated directory of the best pricing pages
HTML Email: Responsive HTML email templates for startups & developers
Google Duo: One-to-one video calling. Google's FaceTime competitor.
Instagram Stories: Share moments of your day 📸
Kin Calendar: The simple and connected calendar
UI Temple: Curated collection of the best web page designs
Product Pages: Curated directory of the best product pages
Dropbox Paper Mobile: Organize your team’s knowledge in a single place
Website Downloader: Download source code from any website
CONV.: Convert YouTube video to MP3, GIF or MP4
Mimo: Learn how to code on your iPhone📱
AppLaunchpad: Create free beautiful screenshots for App store/Google play
Spotify Release Radar: A personalized playlist of the newest releases, every Friday
Indie Hackers: Learn how developers are writing their own paychecks
Joy: Everything about your wedding in one place
Basetrip: All the travel information you need about any country
How to Build the Future: Mark Zuckerberg: The first episode in Y Combinator's new podcast series
Pusher Mobile Push Notifications API: Free API to send Push Notifications to iOS & Android
Four Hour Book Club: 300+ Books recommended on the Tim Ferriss Show 📚
Codeplace: Learn how to code by building real web apps
HacBook Elite: Fully functional Macintosh for 1/3 the price.
Iterate: Get the feedback you need to build better products
Stranger Things Type Generator: Create and share your own Stranger Things inspired logo
Facebook Chat for Websites: Talk to your customers using Facebook Messenger
Wonder: Remember the things you easily forget
Sweatcoin: The app that pays you to get fit
Fabric: The story of your life that writes itself.
Repick: Well-designed products from all over the internet
Timely: Automatic time tracking for freelancers and teams.
Ramme: Unofficial Instagram desktop client build with Electron
Meta Search: Search your Desktop, Google Drive, Dropbox, Gmail, Evernote.
Pattern: Simple, focused, drawing application for the iPad.
Checkout Pages (new url: pages.xyz/type/checkout): Curated directory of the best checkout pages
Email List Verify: Remove hard bounces and email traps from your email lists
Picniic: Slack for the Home. Family management platform.
Branch Journeys: The solution for mobile web to app conversion
TinkerTool: Tinker with the hidden settings of your Mac
StorkStand 2.0: StorkStand transforms any chair into a healthy standing desk
Pluck: Smarter cold emails for the savvy social marketer
Simbi: Network to exchange talents and services
Product Hunt Daily: A daily digest of the best of Product Hunt w/ your friends 💌
Teespring Direct: Simple high-quality swag for you or your company
Lisn: Listen to music + chat with friends, in real-time
Betafy: Where startups meet beta users!
Soma Glass Water Bottle: A high quality glass bottle w/ a grippable protective sleeve
Tesla Model S P100D: The quickest production car in the world
Rebrandly API: Empower your app with custom short links
Pitchdeckers: Weekly free pitch deck templates
Startup Pitch Decks: Real decks from real startups that raised over $400M
Slack Beta: A faster and nicer Slack built on Electron
Google Allo: Smart messaging app that helps you say more and do more.
Google Trips: Exploring the world with all your travel info in one place
Spectacles: Embedded camera sunglasses by Snapchat
AccessURL: Share access to accounts without sending a username/password
Toby: Better Than Bookmarks
Houseparty: If FaceTime was built as a social network 🏠🎉
Lemonade: Forget everything you know about insurance
Airtable 2.0: Beyond the spreadsheet
GitHub Projects: GitHub takes on Trello with new project management tools
Stocky: Free photo, video, graphics & music for commercial use.
Self-Driving Uber: The world’s first Self-Driving Ubers
The Wall Farm by Click & Grow: The easiest way to grow fresh food indoors sustainably
Design Inc.: High quality design work on demand from hand-picked talent
UI Movement 2.0: The best UI design inspiration, daily
Openvid 2.0: One-click desktop, cam, & mic recording tool for Chrome 🎥
macOS Sierra: All new OS for your Mac
Hardbound: Stories for curious minds
Figma 1.0: The first interface design tool with real-time collaboration
Py: Learn anything on your phone 📱 from Swift to Astrophysics 🚀
GrowthHackers Projects: Growth collaboration software for teams 📈
Statsbot Alerts: Immediately focus on significant changes in your data
Pepper: A friendly contact widget for your website
Startup Patterns: Bite-sized startup lessons for busy founders
iPhone 7: Apple's new iPhone 7 and 7+
AppFollow 2.0: The best way to track app activities in the appstores
Sketch 40: Latest version of the vector drawing tool
Spotify Daily Mix: The music you love, minus the effort. Just for you.
Startup Rocket Framework: Framework to help entrepreneurs w/ the first critical steps
Fidget Cube: An unusually addicting, high-quality desk toy
Adioma: Infographic maker based on visual language
Founder Catalog: What the world’s most influential founders are writing about
Launchaco: Instantly search domains, social media handles & logotypes.
Mavic Pro: A foldable 4K drone by DJI that fits in your hand
Croissant 2.0: Unlock the hottest coworking spaces in your city
Nerdify Bot: First AI-powered tutor bot for Facebook Messenger
Google Photos 2.0: Free storage & automatic organization for all your memories
Raindrop.io 4.0: All in one bookmark manager become even better
Inside.com: The network of email newsletters
CharlieHR: The HR software for small businesses.
Pastebot: Clipboard manager from the creators of Tweetbot
GoPro Karma: GoPro's first official drone
Super Mario Run: Mario jumps into a new adventure on iPhone and iPad
Apple AirPods: Wireless earphones from Apple
Y Combinator Companies: Interactive list of all 1000+ YC companies
UIDB: Find examples of any UI
Manual 2.0: A manual camera for iOS now with RAW images in DNG format
Clarke.ai: AI powered assistant that dials into calls and takes notes
Mate Translate for iMessage: Chat in any language in iMessage
Tribe 2.0: Introducing Augmented Messaging™
Surface Studio: A brilliant screen for your ideas, from Microsoft
Slack for Mac: A new, improved Slack desktop app for Mac
Pixel by Google: Google's new phones, Pixel and Pixel XL
MacBook Pro: The new MacBook Pro with TouchBar and more
Pixabay 2.0: Over 1,1 mio free high quality photos and videos
App Launch Checklist: Planning tool for launching your app successfully
Facebook Design: Articles, videos, & resources made by designers at Facebook.
Duolingo Bots: AI-powered characters to teach language conversation
Nintendo Switch: Nintendo's new console for the home and your hands 👾
Nuage: Domain names with no hassle.
Facebook Marketplace: Buy and sell with your local community. A Craigslist killer.
Whale: Video Q&A with influencers and experts 🐳
Origami Studio by Facebook: Explore, iterate, and test your ideas
Workplace by Facebook: Connect everyone in your company and turn ideas into action
Serpstat: Content ideas from autocomplete suggestions
Notion: Artificial intelligence-powered email.
Findo: Your smart search 🔍 assistant across personal cloud ☁️
Play (for Medium): Listen to Medium articles with a Chrome Extension
Stripe: Radar: Fraud prevention done right
Prisma Video: Turn your videos into artwork with Prisma
Disrupt Cards: The funniest card game to hit Silicon Valley
The Beginnings: Beginnings of billion dollar companies
Is Invisible: Hard to find, beautifully designed products
Startup Funding: A curated list of essential tools for your funding journey
Hero Patterns: A collection of repeatable SVG background patterns
Jamboard (Pre-Launch): Google's new 4K digital whiteboard
ECLIPSE: Say goodbye to messy cables
Brain.fm for iOS: Music for the brain to improve focus, meditation & sleep
Google Wifi: A new kind of Wi-Fi system from Google
Rocumentaries: Curated links to the best documentaries
Letz: Chat bot that will make you enjoy productivity
Paperworks: All your receipts, invoices, and payments in one place.
BreakSafe Magnetic USB-C Power Cable: Griffin's safe charging solution for the new MacBook Pro
Daydream View by Google: Bringing high-quality VR to everyone
Vaultedge: Access all your documents in one place.
Eve: Programming designed for humans
Slik Prospector: Find anyone's email. No bounces.
Spoil for iOS: Simple, beautiful gifts delivered same-day, anywhere in US.
Black: A wallpaper series using shapes and lights.
Pocket Explore: A human curated version of the web
Felix Gray Computer Glasses: Non-prescription glasses for people who stare at screens.
LiquidTime: Track, allocate, and plan your time
Stash.ai: Cross-device bookmarking powered by artificial intelligence
Bot Builder by Recast.AI: Create the most advanced bots in the simplest way
Kap: Capture your screen
Product Hunt Cards: Embed products and comments across the web 🌐
Ulli: Self-driving Internet. The first AI-powered mobile browser.
Push by Zapier: A Chrome extension to automate 500+ apps, powered by Zapier
Tesla Solar Roof: Invisible roof tiles that power your home 🏠
PhotoScan by Google: Photos from the past, meet scanner from the future
Netflix Offline: Watch Netflix anytime without an internet connection
A.I. Experiments by Google: Explore machine learning by playing w/ pics, music, and more
LifeTracker: AI-based to-do tool to do the right things at the right time
The New Uber Rider App: Where to? See upfront fares & estimated arrival times
RapidAPI Marketplace: Discover, test and connect to the world's top APIs
Ava: Making conversations accessible for the deaf
Deseat.me: Delete yourself from the internet
Logojoy: AI-powered logo maker
Telegraph: Telegram's answer to Medium
LinkedIn Salary: Discover your earning potential
Startup Collections: Resources & tools for entrepreneurs, designers & developers
Httpster: A curated showcase of shit-hot web designs.
The New Google Sites: Create and share webpages
The New IFTTT App: Do more with the services you love
Gmail 5.0: A facelift for Gmail on iOS
Snapbots: Vending machines that dispense Spectacles
Refly: Smart editor that helps you write better content, faster
FreeStack: Free tools & resources for designers
Pipefy for Startups: The best way to manage your startup
Polymail Pro: The ultimate email productivity app for business 💌
WALTR 2: Transfer any content to your iOS device without iTunes
Mockuuups Studio: Product mockups, made easy and instantly.
Inspect by InVision: A magical new design to development workflow from InVision
Nomad Airlines: Ultimate pack for digital nomads
Conversational Form: Turning web forms into conversations. By SPACE10
Best Of Themes: The simplest way to browse thousands of website themes
Instagram Live Video: Broadcast live video to your Instagram Stories 🔴
Pathwright 2: A beautiful, personal web app for teaching people anything.
Shopping on Instagram: The new way to shop, from your feed
Hop: The new face of email is fast, elegant, powerful, expressive
Capsule.ai: Remember everywhere you've been
Parabola: Automate manual processes without spreadsheets or code
Init.ai: Build powerful and intelligent conversational apps 💁🤖
Visabot: I help immigrants make America great again!
Oops Pages: Best error pages on the web.
Next Step for Trello: Check tasks directly from your Trello boards
Zenkit: The project management tool that grows with you
DevFreeBooks: A huge collection of free books for developers
illustrio 2.0: Infinitely customizable icons for everyone.
Squash 2 for Mac: The easiest way to compress and optimize images for the web
Enlight: Learn to code by building projects
Airbnb Trips: Travel and experience trips with locals
NomNom: The place where better product decisions happen
Yodas Hyper: List of Silicon Valley startups that are about to grow fast
Tline: Interactive timelines of well-known companies
Udacity Blitz: Get software built by engineers you can hire afterwards
HubSpot Growth Stack: Tools that grow with your business.
Listen: A smart phone number
Atlas Recall: A searchable photographic memory for your digital life
